README.md, before:

# Bloom Coffee

## Description
Bloom Coffee is a specialty coffee app that uses Kansas City, MO as a test-market. The application displays the specialty coffee shops in KCMO, allows users to interact with the shops' websites, and register for an account, which allows them to use the app's tasting journal feature.

The tasting jounral gives users the ability to log which coffee they enjoyed at which shop through 9 different variables. The user can edit their entries as well as delete them.

## Installation
1. Create a database named `bloom`,
2. The queries in the `tables.sql` file are set up to create all the necessary tables and populate the needed data to allow the application to run correctly. The project is built on [Postgres](https://www.postgresql.org/download/), so you will need to make sure to have that installed. We recommend using Postico to run those queries as that was used to create the queries, 
3. Open up your editor of choice and run an `npm install`
4. Run `npm run server` in your terminal
5. Run `npm run client` in your terminal
6. The `npm run client` command will open up a new browser tab for you!

## Usage
1. Read through the landing page and enter into the Kansas City coffee scene via the button at the bottom of the page,
2. Feel free to peruse as many of the coffee shops you like without an account,
3. Create an account(or login) through the 'Login/Register' link at the top right of the page in order to use the Tasting Journal Feature,
4. To use the tasting journal, click the add button, choose the coffee shop you  visited, and make sure you enter ALL the variables so that your post will be added,
5. If you want to delete or edit a post, click the post and use one of the buttons at the bottom left of the pop-up window,
6. Enjoy all the coffee!

## Support
If you have suggestions or issues, please email me at [awburgard@gmail.com](awburgard@gmail.com)

## Roadmap
In future phases I plan on adding more cities and a Google API that links users to Google Maps which gives them exact directions

## Acknowledgement
Thanks to [Prime Digital Academy](www.primeacademy.io) in Kansas City who equipped and helped me to make this application a reality.

Commit message:

adds site link to readme

README.md, after:

# Bloom Coffee

## Description
Bloom Coffee is a specialty coffee app that uses Kansas City, MO as a test-market. The application displays the specialty coffee shops in KCMO, allows users to interact with the shops' websites, and register for an account, which allows them to use the app's tasting journal feature.

The tasting jounral gives users the ability to log which coffee they enjoyed at which shop through 9 different variables. The user can edit their entries as well as delete them.

To see the fully functional site, please visit: [Bloom Coffee](https://guarded-lake-81471.herokuapp.com/#/landing)

## Installation
1. Create a database named `bloom`,
2. The queries in the `tables.sql` file are set up to create all the necessary tables and populate the needed data to allow the application to run correctly. The project is built on [Postgres](https://www.postgresql.org/download/), so you will need to make sure to have that installed. We recommend using Postico to run those queries as that was used to create the queries, 
3. Open up your editor of choice and run an `npm install`
4. Run `npm run server` in your terminal
5. Run `npm run client` in your terminal
6. The `npm run client` command will open up a new browser tab for you!

## Usage
1. Read through the landing page and enter into the Kansas City coffee scene via the button at the bottom of the page,
2. Feel free to peruse as many of the coffee shops you like without an account,
3. Create an account(or login) through the 'Login/Register' link at the top right of the page in order to use the Tasting Journal Feature,
4. To use the tasting journal, click the add button, choose the coffee shop you  visited, and make sure you enter ALL the variables so that your post will be added,
5. If you want to delete or edit a post, click the post and use one of the buttons at the bottom left of the pop-up window,
6. Enjoy all the coffee!

## Support
If you have suggestions or issues, please email me at [awburgard@gmail.com](awburgard@gmail.com)

## Roadmap
In future phases I plan on adding more cities and a Google API that links users to Google Maps which gives them exact directions

## Acknowledgement
Thanks to [Prime Digital Academy](www.primeacademy.io) in Kansas City who equipped and helped me to make this application a reality.
